Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
In the near future.
World War III shatters a
vital part of the ecosystem.
North America was divided
into four quadrants and.
with the help of nanorobotics
researcher Eion Prescott.
mankind avoided extinction.
Alpire. Eion's
company. invented Onyx.
a deadly nanovirus
distributed through a watch
which infects the wearer
and commands them to
eliminate a target in order
to receive the antidote.
I am proud and honored
to bring the new Texas
quadrant a message of hope.
The Onyx program
will allow inmates to join
their fellow citizens in
our ever-changing world.
Alpire's method of forcing
inmates to eliminate each other
in exchange for serving
their sentence is controversial
because the detention
infrastructure is
in decline for the
incarcerated population.
Because it's murder!
We must make the distinction.
People think they are jurors.
judges and executioners.
The First Amendment. yes. but...
The distinction has always been made.
Gentlemen!
Who speaks first?
Alpine!
You have knelt on hallowed ground.
Your blood will flow
over the blood of others who
thought silence was noble.
Alpine!
Look ahead! They are dead.
Will you speak?
Are you telling me about D-Day from Alpire?
What is D-Day?
- You are good for nothing.
- Wait!
I'm losing my patience.
You have three seconds. What is D-Day?
D-Day is the future.
the end of
suffering for the lost.
That's all I know.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Micronanites are the future.
The world of nanobots
is shrouded in mystery.
but imagine that
the entire population
could fit in a water bottle.
in a nano dynamics.
We can administer drugs to
patients efficiently and painlessly.
We can purify drinking water.
We can create a new
wave of renewable energy.
After the Second Civil War.
the nation faced
a serious problem.
Overpopulation and shortages.
We reformed the
detention system.
we found a way to
reintegrate into society
offenders who took
advantage of the Onyx program.
This is my vocation.
the purpose of the Alpire
company. to offer hope.
LETHAL MOTIVATION
Translation and adaptation
by NICOLETA DIMA
Very good!
You were right.
Alpire will update the
watches in three days.
Other criminals will be
released who will kill each other.
They don't care about those
who end up in the gunfight.
They did not discover the "mole".
They shut down the entire
communications department.
And I don't have access.
Eion is preparing something.
only he knows what.
The quadrants did not
give him total autonomy.
so we have a chance to stop him.
Damn it. Sawyer.
The Onyx program
was just the beginning.
I know Eion. Do something!
Delinquents eliminate each
other. that's the problem.
Elera. we won't
be able to taste it!
- We have to put the bone to work.
- I put the bone to work.
What am I looking for?
The name of his
priceless micronanites.
Amanda.
Why did he give them
your mother's name?
The bastard is making fun of us!
- Calm down. I'll investigate.
- No. Why did she give them her name?
- That's it. you're out of the loop.
- I said I'll take care of it.
I don't want you to
let her down again.
- What I meant...
- I said I would investigate.
Damn it!
Please!
- Where is he? - I told you...
Leave him alone!
We try one more time.
Where is it
Please!
We can keep it up
all night. Cameron.
I know you completed it.
Tell me where it is
Please. that watch
cannot be copied.
You are asking me for
something that cannot be done.
A motivated man can do anything.
Daxon. I thought you were...
- You were a motivated man. Cameron.
- I did everything you asked me to do.
You made my first Onyx watch.
All I ask is that you make one more.
"Son". Isn't that right?
No. please!
You let yourself talk.
You haven't completed it. have you?
Let him go!
Tomorrow we will put
the stick in the lion's cage.
Know that this is none of my business.
If you don't do it. no one will.
I love you. Elera. and that
means I won't let you be a wimp.
- Can you help me?
- Hello! what's your name
Sven.
- Sven?
- Don't move!
It's okay.
Who gave you the watch?
He told me what to do.
- Stop moving!
- Okay.
Who told you
I have to kill you
so he doesn't kill me.
Sven...
Sven. listen to me.
Tell me how much time you have left.
I can help you get it out.
Are you a girl?
It wasn't dangerous.
He came into your house.
put a gun to your temple.
How dangerous can it be?
They are old generation weapons.
They are brought by smugglers
from the North Easthole District.
I don't care about the gun.
I want to know why they put a
kid who never fired a shot in his life
to kill me
shoot him!
Don't lose your temper. Elera.
That's exactly what they want.
Take the body to the doorstep of
the Alpire company. and that's it.
- It's Daxon. I'm sure.
- He died by my hand.
Eion used that
boy to distract you.
That bastard killed my mother
and he wanted to tell
me that he was free.
- Here. I put the bone to work.
- Elera. listen to me!
You must reach Eion
before D-Day launches.
Before they implement the Onyx
program in the other three quadrants!
Damn it!
Kill as many as you can!
No. I do anything!
I don't know anything. Please!
My baby... Please!
End the mission on my signal!
You didn't want to go
out on a date with me.
So you don't like to have fun.
I didn't say I didn't
like to have fun.
Maybe I don't like you.
You lose.
I remember when they told
me you were coming to my team.
I was like. "This
girl is so beautiful..."
"What would she have done?"
I missed field work.
This is what happens when
they send a B unit ahead of us.
- Don't leave anyone at the scene of the crime!
- Yes. sir.
The army has no
business in this perimeter.
These people hate Alpire.
but I hate Alpire
employees even more.
God!
What do you notice. Lucas?
I don't know. the position of the prisoners
is strange... it seems premeditated.
Yes.
They all died within seconds.
What do you think?
- They sent a message.
- A message?
The inmates were
competent and followed a plan.
A plan?
Where are you going
Elera. what are you talking about?
- Nothing.
- What is it?
There are corpses scattered everywhere.
And what do you see. a conspiracy?
I don't know.
Don't you know
They are old generation weapons.
we cannot trace their provenance.
The victims were
not chosen at random.
- It was a precise execution.
- Precise?
What do you think?
If we weren't here. they'd
pounce on the corpses like vultures.
The woman was a police officer.
Former policewoman.
However you cut the thread in four.
Alpire inmates
become Alpire corpses.
That's what everyone will believe.
People who accuse
Alpire end up disappearing.
I warn you. be careful.
That much I tell you.
I'm taking today off.
You sign the contract.
You just don't want to
go to North Easthole!
Alpire can't protect you there.
I can't protect you either.
Elera!
Kyron!
When are you going
to get back at me?
Okay. talk to you when you get back.
What are you staring at?
So! Don't forget
who's the boss here!
Christmas!
I'm looking for someone.
- A guy with a green backpack.
- I didn't see anything. bastard Alpire!
I just want to talk to him.
Do you know where you are?
I think you are crazy!
We're skinning
the Alpire bastards.
Do you see him
He can't wait to
get another medal.
There is the panoply.
He got into a mess
and I want to help him.
Bastard. I said...
Shit!
Smart bullets.
With silver nitrate and mercury.
Your blood boils.
The green backpack?
You mean Kyron! Yes!
My memory leaves me.
He went there.
- Where?
- At Christmas.
It's full of demented people
there. it's like you at work.
Don't be upset.
Kyron?
Yes.
I don't know who you are.
but you're not from Alpire.
If you enter Noel. you'll
die in 15 minutes. so...
You weren't going to help me?
Have you seen G.I. Jane
and you didn't want to help me?
To hell with you!
You cut from the portion with everything!
I turn off the internet!
Halve the rations!
Don't see me coming!
If you want something.
go to New Texas!
Let's see if they care about you!
The bastards!
He destroyed my dwarf!
We have to get out of New Texas.
Daxon is free.
You said you would
protect my father
and that no one will
escape the inmate program.
Isn't that right. Noel? Listen to me!
Daxon shot my father.
He scoured the South Block neighborhood.
Kyron. your father was the
best thief in the underworld.
You look like hell.
That's why I left him alive
and offered him protection.
But now that he's dead...
I need another reason
to honor the deal.
Go to hell! I give up.
You begged me to help you reach
Eion. the headmaster of Alpire.
What did you think was going to happen?
Such a sad boy...
Give me what you promised me.
I knew you wouldn't
let me down. baby.
I paid off my debts.
Of everything.
It's over. Noel.
Kyron. what kind of girlfriend would
I be if I let you go without a present?
It's a private
party by invitation.
Easy.
- I want to talk to Kyron.
- Are you from Alpire?
We have yet to receive the package.
Back!
You are dead!
Go see it!
- It seems I underestimated you.
- What are you talking about?
Put it on!
- Put it on! - Good!
Your target is Eion Prescott.
You are crazy!
Micronanites are like a virus. your
body attacks your white blood cells.
It's a programmable killing machine.
You kill Eion. I take
control of his network.
You wanted to get to the
man who destroyed your family.
Now you have the chance.
36 hours.
Come on! Kill that bitch!
Come here. shrew!
Where is kyron
I asked you nicely.
- Help him! - What's his name?
- Jacob.
- Jacob! You're cool. okay?
Click here.
Press. yes? Breathe!
Delta Agent Charlie...
They don't have to
pay rent if there is none.
- How many people are staying here?
- I don't know exactly.
Do you want to count the
cockroaches in the walls?
- We have to help them. - How?
- I can call for help.
- They arrived here because of Alpire.
Who do you think forced
them out of their quadrant?
Jacob!
Somebody get me a medical kit!
This man died today.
You have it on your conscience.
Now you can announce.
The man who killed my
mother wore that watch.
It's impossible. it's my father's.
- Where can I find it?
- You won't find him... He's dead.
Who are you why
are you following me
who are you
can i help you
but you must wake up
quickly. because time is short.
Eion wants to launch the
D-Day program in three days.
It's a relief. I have
to kill him in two days.
Kill him?
What are you talking about?
It's a personal matter.
You are from Alpire.
Why do you want to know?
It's a personal matter.
Listen. I don't have time for this.
We have to get off the street.
I can handle it.
You will find the way out on your own.
Think about it...
Do you think the person who
gave you the watch will stop by you?
I can help you destroy Alpire.
Without my help.
the clock will go off...
One less cockroach.
What. are we friends now?
Is everything okay?
Yes. I was talking
to my girlfriend.
Good.
Is that right my dear friend?
If you want to help
them. come with me.
We need to find out why
they want you to kill Eion.
- If you lie to me...
- we're both dead.
My company does a lot. but.
forgivably. it doesn't forgive.
Come!
Alpire sees you and appreciates you.
Get in line!
Order!
Eion. we need to talk.
Lukas. I have a schedule.
You have to wait.
Alpire sees you and appreciates you.
If you're sticking to D-Day. I
advise you to make an exception.
Damn. he knows!
Do you know that I
grew up in this district?
In a nearby area.
I was a boy scared that I was
going to be killed or kidnapped.
The hands that fed
me clenched into fists.
That's why we founded
Alpire and the Onyx program.
so that people can enjoy
the peace that I enjoyed.
To look into each other's eyes
and see that what sets us apart...
it's just the circumstances.
So...
a heinous deed is a beautiful bond
between people of the same kind.
We understand what is
important. the desirable outcome.
- Which one is it?
- Survival.
What did our "mole" find out?
Elera is smart.
He put together all the
information I gave him.
- What's the problem?
- He knows Daxon is alive.
If he finds out who he
is and what I've done...
I'm ready for it.
- Eion...
- Go home. Lukas.
What about Elera?
I assigned her to you
to keep an eye on her
and make sure we
maintain our advantage.
Since you have not
completed your task.
you are no longer valuable.
So you don't do anything anymore.
you don't say anything anymore.
The Minister of Defense will not
agree with this project of yours.
They don't know what I know.
Think about what you value.
Don't touch me!
Think again.
Amanda taught us
the value of sacrifice.
The measure of a man's life
it's in how he made his
peers feel seen and listened to.
Recognized.
Even when the odds
are against them.
Like the brothers and sisters
who died in the line of duty
following today's
violent acts in the center.
She showed us what it
means to wear the uniform
and be at the service of the community.
In your memory. my dear!
- For Amanda!
Thank you for coming.
- Thank you very much.
- No. it's great. Thank you.
Thank you. brother.
Thanks. man.
- I'll give it to you.
- No. Robert. Keep it.
It wasn't a question.
Thank you.
He would have been on the field today.
Yes. he anticipated before everyone
else what Alpire would become.
What would become...
Do you remember when
she and Jessica put their...
- Officer Brown's shirt?
- Yes.
And Amanda said. "If Alpire wants
to ban the police on the street."
"let's start with the cowards
who voted for the Onyx program."
Brown blushed.
He had courage.
I wonder how they found it
right before we
destroy their plans.
Thank you for coming.
- Of course.
- No. I'm serious.
- Elera rarely talks about her mother.
- Can you condemn her?
I also have a hard time
looking at Jessie's stuff.
Did you follow the
clues I gave you?
I sure do. Robert.
Are you sure the solution
is to infiltrate Elera?
- Let me ask you something.
- Yes.
Why did you resign?
See you soon. Carl!
You came to Amanda's
memorial. you gave me her badge.
We talked about old times...
- The time has come.
- For what. Robert?
Everyone was of the
opinion that we were the
problem. long before
we were in the Alpire job.
If you don't live by their
rules. you're a nobody.
And whatever you think.
Sawyer. they're right.
We have time.
We can finish what she started.
Have you seen today's
footage from North Easthole?
Kill ex-cops. Sawyer.
What do you think
will happen when Alpire
penetrates every
corner of the country?
- It won't penetrate.
- How are you going to stop them?
- With bloody fists!
- Yes. good.
Amanda knew that
this road led nowhere.
She wanted us to have a
seat at the negotiating table.
And she was shot in the head.
Don't talk about my wife!
You didn't know her.
Come on Sawyer! He told me.
Before he died he told
me he wanted to leave you.
Get out of my house!
Because you wouldn't have understood and
you wouldn't have done what was necessary
so that Elera does not lead her
life with her boots on the ground!
That evening's mission was the last.
He wanted to take Elera and leave.
- I won't tell you again.
- If you had listened to her...
If you had stopped
Alpire. he would have lived!
Get out of my house!
What's going on here?
We were just leaving.
- We have a problem.
- Yes. I'll be right back.
Come wash yourself!
I think it was a wild party.
Beautiful!
I've determined that you're
just getting their attention.
Calm down! They're going to
be blamed for killing the cops.
and we follow our plan.
- It's not Alpire's operating mode.
- He's not. He seems like a rebel.
- Kyron has the watch.
- And Eion?
Kyron will get him to him somehow.
He's a survivor.
Let him do so. Eion is going
to pay for what he did to me.
- What did he do to us!
- I have never seen such talent.
- How many did you say there were?
- Only one.
Mason moved up
the Alpire hierarchy.
To extract from my head what
they needed to
launch the program.
he needed to see how the
algorithm worked on another soldier.
After killing his parents.
they had him kill
more important targets.
Scientists were so intrigued.
so they didn't think about
the effects on the human mind.
Some say they made
him an instrument of death.
Then what are you
I can get you out of the Alpire system.
with a code that removes the
algorithm of the Onyx program.
After Eion dies. the program
will automatically restart.
Will it reboot?
Each watch will have new
guidelines for potential owners.
The owners will be willing and
ready to comply with the new code.
Our code. our orders.
Do we just have
to put a clock on
everyone to take over
the Onyx program?
I hope you managed
to get his attention.
- Yes. As for my soldiers...
- I have a new requirement.
- An amendment?
- Rather. a bonus.
- I'm listening to you.
- The girl.
I know from my sources that she
is the daughter of Bennett Sawyer.
the man who kept you on a
leash and tortured you for ten years.
the man who stole your
life to build an empire.
Yes. It really
was a wild party.
Daxon!
- This time give yourself free rein!
- It's done.
It was crazy.
Are you from Easthole District?
My mother was from there.
Cameron took me in and
taught me about the underworld.
Cameron was your father?
Yes. in a way.
I don't want you to feel offended.
but I don't like to bring up the past.
They're just ghosts.
Whoever gave you the watch knows
how to make it undetectable in the system.
What does this mean?
It means that if I try to remove it
without the code. we lose the watch.
And you will die.
- We need more time.
- Time is a luxury.
- I agree.
- We have to go to Alpire.
We kill Eion and
solve the problem!
In 24 hours. the
clock will release
micronanites into your
body and you will die.
Kyron...
Christmas.
Who is it
Write subversive codes.
He was writing secret
programs for Alpire.
I was running errands for
him once. in the underworld.
I can corner her.
alone. if need be.
Are you stubborn?
He's Cameron Sharpe's son.
We are wasting our time!
Hoiters do whatever
it takes to survive.
Your father invented
Onyx watches.
Man cannot choose
his circumstances.
Everyone is doing what
they can to weather the storm.
What storm are you referring to?
How your luck turns. how
it's other people's fault.
My mother died in the
ghetto. begging scraps
from Alpire. the
company you work for.
The company wouldn't exist
without your father's invention.
Cameron died because he tried
not to leave the clock on their hands.
Stop it!
I'll handle it myself.
I only came here because
Daxon never misses the mark.
I may have gained two hours.
Daxon?
He killed those
people in the center.
He killed Cameron for
not giving him the watch.
- I can't take my eyes off that watch.
- Are you threatening me?
Are you sure. have you seen him?
Yes.
I've known Eion since the beginning.
I wanted to help him change the world.
We all wanted this.
But that night.
something was wrong...
I remember everything like a fog.
- No!
- Where do you want to go?
Put the gun down!
He's going to shoot her!
Not!
Eion. his words. his vision...
It was the beginning of the Onyx program.
Amanda was the first target.
Even though Eion
didn't pull the trigger.
remember what I tell you.
that was Alpire's plan.
So the mother was
a collateral victim?
You don't understand what she was capable of
and what she would have been willing to do.
- And you didn't know her at all.
- No. Elera. Listen to me!
They came! Leave now!
- Come on!
- You are already dead.
Go!
Sawyer is nowhere to be found.
There is no one in the house.
Set it on fire!
And bring me Sawyer's head!
Find it!
Don't tell me you're
letting me win. Eion.
- Queen at D4.
- Pawn on D5.
And my pawn is gone!
We're talking global Onyx
deployment. not just national.
I think the American
state has every
right to ask for a
higher percentage.
This is only if you do not
doubt the success of the launch.
Benjamin. we have offers
from Russia and China.
Offers that far exceed
your generous contributions.
These countries are aware of the
success and potential
of the program.
Three trillion from Dimochka.
five trillion from Wang Xui.
I don't even want to wake up.
My wife is doing better.
If you want to turn me on. Eion.
come up with an idea
that will make me not
stop your experiment
for the next few days.
The Onyx program was more
than a tool to
distribute criminals.
It was a subversive mechanism.
Our formula produced
an unexpected effect.
Which? That people
have criminal instincts?
That there is a purposeful
imbalance in each of us.
Yes.
And what do criminals who kill civilians
without hesitation have to do with it?
Starting tonight. criminals in New
Texas are getting Alpire watches.
Enter!
- What do you want?
- Patrick Surtain III?
Yes. who are you?
I told the bastard
that I sent him the
child support check!
It's the post office's fault. man!
Listen. the postman lives
a little down from my house!
We can take the money right now.
Pursuant to Article 34. under the
authority of the American State...
Wait a minute! Wait!
Alpire orders you to
enter the Onyx program.
I don't wear that shit!
Get out of the window!
I told you I'm in charge.
- Cute baby!
- Don't get attached to my family!
Don't make me fool you!
Take back this fitness watch!
I don't put it.
If you refuse to comply. you are
breaking the laws of enlistment.
and the penalty is immediate
expulsion of you and your assets.
Of my assets?
Thank you for your cooperation.
Damn it!
Lucas McNairy?
I have not set up any visits.
Did something happen at the headquarters?
In accordance with Article 34...
I know which article! what is this
Welcome to the
Onyx program. sir!
There must be a mistake.
I'll call Eion.
- We are authorized from above. sir.
- To hell with your orders!
Damn it!
- Robert Langley?
- Can I help you with something?
In accordance with Article 34. we
welcome you to the Onyx program.
I don't understand. What?
Put your watch on your wrist
and we won't have any problems.
Why do I get a watch?
I work at Trinity Spire.
I was dealing with...
who are you
- Who else gets a watch?
- Everyone.
What do you mean everyone?
The entire New Texas district
is adopting the Onyx program.
Yes. good.
I have to get my things.
My wife Jessica
has to get ready.
Your wife died
years ago. Langly.
Cancer.
Yes. that's right. Cancer.
Circumstances made me...
The clock. Robert. Now!
Thank you for your cooperation.
Let's go!
Because of yesterday's tragedy.
I couldn't wait for you to agree.
because I would have
compromised our ultimate goal.
You bastard!
Did you launch D-Day without
authorization from the US government?
I could bury you. Eion.
No. Benjamin. The president
gave his consent a long time ago.
I had fun trying
to convince you.
The Onyx program is reckless!
It's a scam. it won't work.
It won't last forever!
This country is founded on law.
You take away people's free will. you
inject them with a programmed virus.
It's not only immoral. Eion. it's illegal!
We allow people to
live under the same
principles that formed
the basis of our ideals.
The illusion of democracy will dissipate.
We're starting in New Texas and we're
going to implement the Onyx program
in what is left of
the civilized world.
All crimes. regardless of
their seriousness. will be
under the same jurisdiction
and under the same law.
After they destroy each
other. they will want order.
Structure.
And we will control the structure.
Congratulations Benjamin!
You and the US government
bought the end of so called freedoms.
Only obedience and
civic duty will remain.
You are crazy!
People will revolt!
Yes! And who do you
think owns the hospitals?
And the vaccines for each
virus in the Onyx watches?
Where will they go when their
world comes crashing down?
Horse at F4. Checkmate!
We'll see. Success!
Benjamin!
Don't forget to take a
watch when you leave.
They won't find us here.
We have to get to Noel.
It was there.
When I saw his face...
I was like 15 years old again.
I ran instead of fighting.
I had to kill him.
If you hadn't run. he
would have killed you.
How could dad trust him?
They used the people in the
ghettos to test their weapons.
When I first saw this.
it looked like something
out of a comic book.
Eion shot my mother in the head.
The world trampled
her without remorse.
As if it wasn't even there.
So I don't think there
is any grand plan for us.
We're going to pound the asphalt
with our fists until we get to the bone.
And then we shut up.
Kyron...
i feel good
We cover a larger
area if we split up.
- Are you doing well?
- Go! i feel good
I want to know more.
Here!
Lukas. what happened?
Do you know what the peak is?
I took you on my
team to spy on you.
Why do you have a watch
this? I don't know.
It makes my eyes stand out.
Alpire started D-Day.
Yes. Did you know that
Eion based the Onyx program
on the mind of a criminal?
Of a serial killer. Daxon.
- It's brilliant. if you think about it.
- We have to stop him.
Can you help me
Everyone will
have a watch. Elera.
This is his ultimate plan.
He wants us to kill each other.
Where can I find it? Lukas!
We've been following
you since your mother died.
Eion wanted to see if he
could corrupt someone like you.
What are you talking about?
Ask your father why
he never attacked Eion.
Ask yourself
why a father
he would send his only daughter
into the mouth of the wolf.
He wrote me...
and I made a phone call.
He is with us.
- That's how it should be.
- What did you do?
The weapons are ready.
The Alfa team is in position.
Bravo team is in position.
I didn't know Eion
wanted to betray us.
What did you do
what did i do
Elera. you killed
the Alpire detectives.
There are several individuals inside.
Wait for instructions.
Be careful! It won't hurt you.
They just want you to put on your watch.
Hello!
What are you up to?
I told you I know how to have fun.
Go away! Go now!
Take a look!
Here's who made it big!
How did you know I
wasn't going to kill you?
I need the code you
programmed the watch with.
Please!
It is not normal to live like this.
I know that's what you think too.
Daxon wasn't going
to use my codes.
- Where is he going?
- At Trinity Spire.
There is Alpire's central server.
If Daxon breaks into the server...
No one will be able to erase his
fingerprint from Alpire's source code.
His perverted mind will remain
imprinted in the Onyx code.
There is another solution.
I admit. I'm impressed.
They are very cute!
Wait for the body to get
used to it. to settle down.
I gave you something to
do while we admire the view.
What did you do to me
listen to me In six
hours you have to find it
and eliminate the target
if you want the antidote.
Kyron is a slippery
guy. but I believe in you.
Open the door! Come on up!
You bastard!
Leave the shoe. you fool!
G.I. Jane!
I see they caught you too.
What. you haven't been attacked before?
Brothers and sisters!
We are reaching a historic moment
where the books that have
been written become irrelevant.
and what follows will be the truth.
- You have to hide.
- I have to look for Kyron.
You can't look for
anyone in this state!
We only have old weapons in our arsenal.
Do not insert the magazine
when there is still a cartridge.
The barrel is blocked.
When not shooting. keep
it with the barrel down.
It can accidentally go
off and cut your hand.
Correct.
I don't know what you're
up to. but do it quickly!
From tonight we
will be free again.
The time has come!
This is our chance!
The chance to prove to Alpire
that they will not control us!
That we don't allow criminals
to walk the streets freely.
Yes!
That we will not be mastered!
The time has come! Take action!
Patrick. we only have
a few minutes until we...
what are you doing
Who is your target?
Stay on the set route.
Keep an eye on the caravan...
- No!
- Sir!
Take a tour of the city!
Sir. I recommend that we
follow diplomatic protocol.
Was Michelangelo absent from
the opening of the Sistine Chapel?
Didn't Galileo look at the stars?
Sir. if we go any further.
we're going to get lost...
I am from the people.
therefore I am the people.
This is our victory.
I can't enjoy it in a
conference room.
Why did you do that. Robert?
They had you in their sights
long before I betrayed you.
You are Eion's "mole".
Elera... Have you thought
about how it will affect her?
Of course yes!
Alpire is everywhere!
And now it's with everyone.
Not!
Start!
- Why did you run away?
- We must kill Eion.
Daxon will upload a virus
to Alpire's central server.
Get off me!
People were dispersed.
The system will
reboot if I kill Eion. and
Daxon's code will
be destroyed forever.
Damn it! did you see
Go! I defend you.
For the city!
Not killing you is my
greatest achievement.
- Look at you!
- You won't get another chance.
Maybe so. but the
night is just beginning.
Really. after he
turned his back?
So we can end our dance.
I knew we were destined
since then. since I
saw you at your house.
We are driven by the same things.
Hate. revenge...
Elera. tell me...
What did you have
to do for those gloves?
When your mother
died. I saw in your eyes...
We are both the same.
Don't you feel the same. Elera?
D-Day is underway.
Amanda fought in vain.
It wasn't meant to be.
He told me he could help her.
On my wife!
He told me he would find the cure.
How do we stop the program?
How do we stop it?
We can't stop it from here.
but we can bide our time.
We have to stop him!
Put the gun down!
I have you to thank
for giving me purpose.
Real artists are
not recognized here.
You recognize that sound. don't you?
It's quiet. no one will save you
in these moments of despair.
It is the disturbing silence of justice.
It is our essence!
This gives us breath.
I'll give you something to feel!
I hated you so bitterly for a long time
because you shut me up like a dog.
I had no choice.
You were a criminal before
Eion put a watch on your wrist.
I was a survivor!
But what was was.
Now everyone will understand
what it means to be desperate.
When the program will be
activated and everyone will find out
that there is no hope.
no escape. no future.
only then will we see
whose truth will prevail!
Until then...
We don't have time.
Until tonight. we
considered you a mistake.
the unimaginable effect
of carnal lusts. but now...
Here it is!
Even you can kneel
before the future
and kiss him on the eye.
You killed my mother.
I honor her memory with
what I leave behind her.
Stop it!
Stop it now!
Only you have the power to do that.
You came here on a mission.
to finish a life. didn't you?
Are we so different?
You trust a man you
barely know and kill me?
Do you think this is how
the Onyx program will stop?
Or take the antidote
and come to my side.
Will you shape the future?
Father. open your eyes!
Damn it!
The algorithm showed
me that we need structure.
This version of
humanity is irretrievable.
We must let it be destroyed.
You showed me that
you are a survivor. like me.
You understand more than
this world will ever understand.
Take my hand. son!
It's time to change your destiny!
I make it with my own hand!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm